(The second day morning of MV shooting!)
(LOOΠΔ Long Jacket Squad is here to take over the set)
ALL: Hello~
ViVi: It's... the second day of MV shooting!
Choerry: The second day~
(Daily LOOΠΔ: Taking selfie in morning)
Choerry: She tried to wink...
Choerry: But she failed.
(ViVi giving a charming wink!)
(And other members mimicking her!)
HaSeul: You seem like you're going to eat them all.
#NowPlaying "(LOOΠΔ/HeeJin, HyunJin, HaSeul -
The Carol"
ViVi: I like it!
Kim Lip: Yellow hair
Choerry: We look round. Right?
Choerry: You are short!
HaSeul: Don't speak informally!
Choerry: You are not even tall, sir...
HaSeul: Is being pretty all that matters?
Choerry: That's all that matters!
HaSeul: Fine! Do whatever you want!